internal/dag: Add exact path match condition in HttpProxy (#5000)
projectcontour/contour: site/content/docs/main/config/inclusion-delegation.md

Conditions are sets of individual condition statements, for example `prefix: /blog` is the condition that the matching request's path must start with `/blog`.
When conditions are combined through inclusion Contour merges the conditions inherited via inclusion with any conditions specified on the route.
This may result in duplicates, for example two `prefix:` conditions, mix of both `prefix:` and `exact` conditions, or two header match conditions with the same name and value.
To resolve this Contour applies the following logic.

- `prefix:` conditions are concatenated together in the order they were applied from the root object. For example the conditions, `prefix: /api`, `prefix: /v1` becomes a single `prefix: /api/v1` conditions. Note: Multiple prefixes cannot be supplied on a single set of Route conditions.

> - `exact:` conditions are also concatenated just like `prefix:` conditions, but `exact:` conditions are not allowed in the root httpproxy or in the inlcusion block. If the child httpproxy has `exact:` condition then after concatenation, it becomes a single `exact:` condition. For example, `prefix: /static` and `exact: /main.js` become a single `exact: /static/main.js` condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exact:` conditions are also concatenated just like `prefix:` conditions, but `exact:` conditions are not allowed in include match conditions. If the child httpproxy has `exact:` condition then after concatenation, it becomes a single `exact:` condition. For example, `prefix: /static` and `exact: /main.js` become a single `exact: /static/main.js` condition.
```
